作者MartianIT (Martian Institute Tech)看板Gossiping標題[新聞] 英國撤銷中國環球新聞網執照時間Sat Feb  6 07:35:35 2021
1.媒體來源:
Ofcom (英國政府下轄媒體監管機構)

2.記者署名: (英國政府機構官方網站)

3.完整新聞標題:
英國政府撤銷中國環球新聞網播放執照
Ofcom revokes CGTN's licence to broadcast in the UK

4.完整新聞內文:
London, 10:15 GMT, 4 February 2021: Ofcom has today withdrawn the licence for
CGTN to broadcast in the UK, after its investigation concluded that the
licence is wrongfully held by Star China Media Limited.

China Global Television Network (CGTN) is an international English-language
satellite news channel.

In the UK, broadcasting laws made by Parliament state that broadcast
licensees must have control over the licensed service – including editorial
oversight over the programmes they show. In addition, under these laws,
licence holders cannot be controlled by political bodies.[1]

Our investigation concluded that Star China Media Limited (SCML), the
licence-holder for the CGTN service, did not have editorial responsibility
for CGTN’s output. As such, SCML does not meet the legal requirement of
having control over the licensed service, and so is not a lawful broadcast
licensee.

In addition, we have been unable to grant an application to transfer the
licence to an entity called China Global Television Network Corporation
(CGTNC). This is because crucial information was missing from the
application, and because we consider that CGTNC would be disqualified from
holding a licence, as it is controlled by a body which is ultimately
controlled by the Chinese Communist Party.

We have given CGTN significant time to come into compliance with the
statutory rules. Those efforts have now been exhausted.

Following careful consideration, taking account of all the facts and the
broadcaster’s and audience’s rights to freedom of expression, we have
decided it is appropriate to revoke the licence for CGTN to broadcast in the
UK.

We expect to conclude separate sanctions proceedings against CGTN for due
impartiality and fairness and privacy breaches shortly.

Ofcom's investigation
Our investigation found that SCML does not have editorial responsibility for
selecting or compiling CGTN’s programme schedule. It is the distributor of
the CGTN service in the UK, rather than “the provider” of the service.[2]

In addition, none of the employees involved in CGTN’s decision-making, or
day-to-day running of the channel, appear to be employed by SCML. CGTNC
confirmed that its Global Editorial Board is the ultimate decision maker over
the selection and organisation of programmes for the CGTN service and
exercises editorial control.

CGTN's licence transfer application
In response to our enquiries, CGTN accepted that SCML did not control the
channel and should no longer hold the licence. But it confirmed its intention
to restructure to separate the CGTN division from China Central Television
(CCTV) – which is ultimately controlled by the Chinese Communist Party and
so disqualified from holding a UK broadcast licence[3] – and apply to
transfer the licence to an entity which did control the channel.

Given the revocation of a broadcast licence is a significant interference
with a broadcaster’s right to freedom of expression, we considered it
appropriate to allow CGTN a reasonable period of time to come into compliance.

An application to transfer the licence to CGTNC was submitted in September
2020. However, we were unable to properly assess it. Crucial information was
missing from the application, while the restructure that CGTN had signalled
had not, and still has not, taken place.

CGTN has since repeatedly failed to respond to important questions necessary
to our assessment of its application to transfer the licence, or to offer any
update on progress with its restructure.

Links between CGTNC and CCTV
Having considered the available evidence, we have decided we are unable to
grant the application to transfer the licence from SCML to CGTNC.

Correspondence from CGTN submitted during the course of our investigation
makes clear that CGTNC is controlled by CCTV, which is also the sole
shareholder of CGTNC.

Given CGTNC is controlled by CCTV – which, as part of the China Media Group,
is controlled by the Chinese Communist Party and therefore disqualified from
holding a broadcast licence under UK broadcasting laws – we consider that
CGTNC would be disqualified from holding a licence.

An Ofcom spokesperson said: “Our investigation showed that the licence for
China Global Television Network is held by an entity which has no editorial
control over its programmes. We are unable to approve the application to
transfer the licence to China Global Television Network Corporation because
it is ultimately controlled by the Chinese Communist Party, which is not
permitted under UK broadcasting law.

“We’ve provided CGTN with numerous opportunities to come into compliance,
but it has not done so. We now consider it appropriate to withdraw the
licence for CGTN to broadcast in the UK.”

Other CGTN cases
In 2020 we found CGTN in breach of the Ofcom Broadcasting Code for failing to
preserve due impartiality in its coverage of the Hong Kong protests, and also
found a serious breach of our fairness and privacy rules.[4]

Due to the seriousness of these breaches, we told CGTN that we would consider
imposing sanctions.

Today’s decision does not affect these sanctions proceedings against CGTN,
and we expect to reach our decisions shortly.[5]

We have three other fairness and privacy investigations about content on the
CGTN service which also remain ongoing, pending further consideration.

NOTES TO EDITORS
The Broadcasting Act 1990 prohibits (among other disqualified persons) bodies
whose objects are wholly or mainly of a political nature, or those who are
controlled by such bodies, from holding a broadcast licence. There is no
statutory prohibition on state-funded organisations from holding broadcast
licences.
SCML has a contract with CCTV to rebroadcast content provided to it by
CCTV/CGTNC.
CCTV is a body whose objects are wholly or mainly of a political nature
and/or is controlled by a body whose objects are wholly or mainly of a
political nature as a result of its relationship with the Chinese Communist
Party (i.e. a political organisation) through the China Media Group.
The World Today and China 24, CGTN (PDF, 706.0 KB)
Complaint by Mr Peter Humphrey about China 24 and News Hour, CCTV News, 27
August 2013 and 14 July 2014 (PDF, 420.7 KB)
Under the Communications Act 2003, Ofcom is able to continue sanction
proceedings against a broadcaster for breaches that occurred while they held
a broadcasting licence, even if they later cease to hold a licence.

5.完整新聞連結 (或短網址):
Ofcom tinyurl.com/324qfrnh
BBC   tinyurl.com/3dlo83gy
CNN   tinyurl.com/1tusc8ae

6.備註
台灣撤銷中夭新聞 中國黨是在靠夭什麼?


---split---
推: 20
噓: 2
分數: 18
作者: MartianIT (Martian Institute Tech)
標題: [新聞] 英國撤銷中國環球新聞網執照
時間: Sat Feb  6 07:35:35 2021
